# BTT-MachineLearningFoundations-Project

This repository entails the machine learning project that I defined and attempted to solve during my time in BreakThrough Tech's AI and Machine Learning Program. The ipynb file contains the code that I used in order to attempt to classify the data in bookReviewsData.csv. As the name implies, the data is about book reviews, and mainly contained short to medium length reviews on books with a label that indicated (true or false) whether the review contained positive sentiments or not.

The task that I defined was to achieve the highest accuracy score in classifying the sentiments of the reviews on the test set, and my goal for this project was to achieve test accuracy of around 90%. Unfortunately for me, with solely the skills I learned from this course, I was only able to achieve around 86% accuracy on the test set.

Although I wasn't able to accomplish my goal, I was able to come out of this model building process with something even greater than 90% test set accuracy, and that is the knowledge that came with trying to train the neural network. I learned how some of the different hyperparameters worked, and through this project was able to experiment with overfitting in neural networks to mitigate the model's "memorization" of the test set, which somewhat worked out in the end. Learning about how the ngram_range parameter in the TF-IDF vectorizer object works was also very helpful, and adjusting this greatly influenced not only the test set accuracy, but also the training of the model in general. Through multile seaborn plots, I was able to visualize how the model was doing while it was being trained, and adjusting the hyperparameters opened my eyes to how they change model performance.
